Add faq for App Name (#6616)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-pinterest-conversions-api/index.md

> info ""
> Segment offers a client-side destination specifically designed for the Pinterest Tag. You can find detailed documentation and further information on how to implement this integration by following this [link](https://segment.com/catalog/integrations/pinterest-tag/){:target="_blank”}.

> ### Events failing to send due to no App Name set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Events fail to send due to no App Name set
```

> App Name is a mandatory field for many of the mappings. For Segment's mobile libraries, the App Name will be automatically collected and mapped to the correct field. However, for our web or server-based libraries, we do not automatically collect this field, which can cause the mapping to fail. We recommend adding the App Name to the Segment event, or hardcoding a static string in the mapping as the App Name.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App Name is a mandatory field for many of the Pinterest Conversion API destination's mappings. Segment's mobile libraries automatically collect and map the App Name to the correct field. However, Segment's web or server-based libraries do not automatically collect this field, which can cause mappings to fail. Segment recommends adding the App Name to the Segment event, or hardcoding a static string in the mapping as the App Name.  
```
